Hey everyone, this is Pastor Dwayne from Des Bois Beach Campus and I'm so glad you are taking the time.
To get a few nuggets and takeaways from this last Week's message
And we're in Mark chapter 14.
And we see several events happening in which
Jesus is preparing to
go to the cross we see this anointing at Bethany we see Jesus gather his disciples
For their last supper, and we see it.
Land in the garden
of Gethsemane. But before we get started, I want to ask you this question. Have you ever had a moment in life that you felt was
Priceless.
I think priceless moments are moments where we cannot
Repeat, maybe you pulled out all the stops for someone's birthday or or an anniversary, and.
you said to yourself this this moment cannot be repeated you were so excited but but the look on someone else's face.
Because of what you did, you said,
It was worth it.
And I want you to take this away. Jesus' worth.
And the reason why he's worth all extravagant love because we were worth his
Extravagant.
love and as we look at this anointing at Bethany we see this woman in verses 1 through 3
come in on this dinner and she anoints Jesus with this very
expensive
bottle of perfume.
the men at the dinner are complaining. they say this woman should have spent this on the poor. but here's the thing. jesus.
Knew this woman and this woman.
New Jesus.
and she was, jesus was so worth it for this woman that she broke this vial, which means that she could, it could never be used. and also it was worth a year.
here.
Of her.
wages. And I want to ask you this question as you begin to look at some of this. How much is Jesus worth?
To you,
How much is he?
Worth to you
I hope to encourage you, he should be worth.
Everything he should be worth everything
And as we transition from this anointing of this woman, pouring out everything she had,
And to Jesus, we see Jesus gather his disciples for forgiveness.
the last supper. And as we read this in verse 22 of Mark 14, we see Jesus gathering. And here's the cool thing. Jesus is
The Passover lambs, so all over there.
preparing for this Passover dinner he is the lamb of God that's going to be taking away the sins of the world he's the one in less than 24 hours is going to be dying for the very
the very men
that are gathered around him but also for for you and i in verse twenty two three twenty four i just want to read.
This is my blood of the covenant, which is poured out for many.
He said to them, Truly, I tell you, I will not drink again from the fruit of the vine until that day,
When I drink it new,
in the kingdom of God.
of God.
Here's the scene.
Jesus has his disciples gathered around, but...
Notice the words that he uses in the garden.
Of Eden, the first Adam,
took an eight.
and it meant our fall and the fall of mankind from that point on. But Jesus takes the verbs of our fall
And uses it to be the verbs of our redemption. He says, take,
and eat. This is my body. This is my blood that is given for you. What is that saying? That Jesus is the second Adam that came to
redeem all of mankind. And one of the reasons why he's worth our extravagant love because he was willing to die.
In order to redeem us and save our lives, he gave his life in order for our lives
to be saved, but it wasn't going to be easy. Jesus talks about his betrayer. He talks about one person in there. We know who is Judas.
He's going to betray him. But also he says the other ones are all going to fall away.
and obviously peter is the one that raises his hand he goes lord i'll never i'll never leave you even if i have to die and he says to him you're gonna deny me that you knew me
Three times.
And then the scene transitions to
The garden.
So Jesus is in the garden and
His soul is restless. his soul is overwhelmed. And he says in verse thirty six, he says, Abba, Father, he said,
Everything is possible for you.
Take this cup from me.
Yet not what I will.
But what?
You will.
Jesus is wrestling, but he settles in his mind that he's going to go forward.
Now, he has some of his disciples with him, and they can't stay awake.
With Jesus.
A lot of them are sleeping.
uh and they can't stay awake so he returns a couple of times and he finds them sleeping.
and says that the spirit is willing but the the flesh is weak and i think willingness is a good place to start because.
The disciples were gung-ho. They were willing to die for Jesus.
But they will come to a place where they will all.
fall away. And I think God moves us from willingness to just say Jesus is worth it,
To this place of this willingness to actually live like he is worth it.
And I want to leave you this question before.
Before we close and pray.
Do you realize how much
Jesus loves you.
Do you realize
How much he thinks about you.
even if you're sleeping right now or it feels like this, this spiritual dryness or this lackadaisical just walk with God or you might be in a place where
you don't have a relationship with God do you realize how much
He loves you.
And as we read this story, and as we see his willingness to go through with this,
Our prayers that you would realize or you would come to this realization that he is worth
OXtravagant love and that he would open your eyes.
to to who he is and who he wants to be in your life. Let's pray together.
God, thank you.
thank you for your willingness.
To part your love on us
God, bring us to this realization.
That you are also worth.
Our extravagant love.
And we pray this in Jesus' name.
Amen.